learn about animals rhyming words I am a
descendant of the Mallory my white crest
is different
have you heard rhyming words are Mallory
heard feathers grow out of the back of
my head cute a young child said rhyming
words are head said oh sweet trying to
catch my tail is such a treat
rhyming words are sweet treat
what a nice bright light I'd like to
part I hope it's alright
rhyming words are light all right I need
a nap after plane chasing my tail is
really draining rhyming words are plane
draining
I am called a zorse I'm half zebra and
half horse
rhyming words are source horse a zebra
is one parent and a horse is the other
parent just by looking at me it is a
parent
rhyming words our parent a parent I
don't like that sound a trash truck down
the street I have found rhyming words
are sound found where did the trash
truck go I want to know rhyming words
are go know she are here for their wool
you can learn about wool at school
rhyming words are wool school wool can
be used to make a sweater a sweater
keeps you warm in cold weather rhyming
words are sweater weather a pig can get
stinky and dirty
this journey Pig does not look pretty I
mean words are dirty pretty after laying
an egg a hint will cluck loudly then the
hen will walk around proudly rhyming
words are loudly proudly
a mother pig can't accidentally squish a
baby she needs a lot of space to roll
carefully
rhyming words hard baby carefully I am a
male duck
he watches over me for good luck rhyming
words are duck luck boys and girls I
want you to say the colored rummy word
pairs with me and after each pair we are
going to clap and cheer the words
rhyming words here we go head said
rhyming words sweet treat rhyming words
light all right
rhyming words playing draining running
words parent a parent right words oh no
my words wool school words sweater
weather right words dirty pretty
words
loudly proudly what words baby carefully
running words duck luck my words great
job boys and girls great job